
1. VALUING EQUITIES
	1.1 Top-Down Valuation Approach 
		Focuses on the macro factors of the economy, such as GDP, employment, taxation, interest rates, etc. before examining micro factors such as specific sectors or companies. 
		i.e. Economy, market and industry have a significant impact on the total returns for individual stocks:
			- macro-economic analysis 
			- industry analysis 
			
		(*) Macro-economic Analysis
		    (i) A Top-down approach to understanding a business begins with the global economy.
		    (ii) Domestic businesses are rarely isolated and operate as part of the global economy.
			(iii) Domestic economics are very exposed to its domestic condition like growth rate, political stability and currency risk. 
			(e.g russia-ukrian war, covid-19 pandemic, rising inflation and rates )
		(*) Gross Domestic Product (GDP) 
		    (i) used as single measure of a contry's overall economic activity 
			(ii) measures market value of final goods and services produced domestically. 
			(iii) GDP figures typically expressed in real (inflation adjusted) term, referred to as real GDP growth. 
		(*) Inflation
			(i) Measured using the rate of change of the consumer price index (CPI), which represents the price of a basket of goods and services bought by a typical consumer
			(ii) Moderate inflation (~2%) is good for the economy, by encouraging people to spend rather than save, boosting economic growth
			(iii) High inflation or hyperinflation (>10%), usually due to high money supply growth or political turmoil, is bad. Domestic currency falls, and capital flows to other assets (e.g. Gold) and more stable countries
		(*) Interest Rates
			(i)  Higher growth, inflation tend to lead to higher rates. 
			(ii) Reflect the cost of borrowing
			(iii)Impacts business performances via:
				For the firm:
				- lower inerest rates imply less interest expense and higher profit. 
				- reduces cost of capital and increasing viable investment opportunities. 
				For the customer:
				- lower interest rates reduces the cost of current consumption (e.g. cheaper to buy a car on a loan)
				- increasing sales for businesses. 
			Additional notes: 
			(*) SIBOR versus SOR
			   SIBOR (SG Interbank Offered Rate) – determined by the demand and supply of funds in the SG interbank market
			   SOR (Swap Offer Rate) – derived from USD LIBOR, USD/SGD FX Swap rates. SOR tends to be more volatile
		(*) Fiscal Policy
		    - Government actions that alter the levels of government spending and taxes
			  e.g.Trump reduced US taxes in Dec ‘17, benefiting wealthy individuals.
		(*) Monetary Policy
			- Policy measures by Central Banks.
			-  Interest rate regime is most common
			- Typical stimulative measures when economy is weak is to lower rates, and vice versa
			- Lower rates cheapen cost of borrowing by consumers and businesses, thus encourages consumption and business investments 
		
	1.2 Bottom-up Valuation Approach 
			Bottom-up is an investment approach that focuses on the fundamentals of the individual company rather than the overall macro environment. 
	   i.e findings stokcs that provide superior returns regardless of teh market and industry outlook. 
	       - fundamental analysis
		   - technical analysis 

(*) INDUSTRY ANALYSIS
	- Three primary objectives
		The sensitivity of the industry to key macro factors
		How the industry operates and the key performance metrics
		The competitive structure of the industry
	- Generally, an industry’s prospects within the global business environment determines how well a firm fares, 
	  thus industry analysis precedes company analysis 	
	- Few companies can do well in an industry with poor outlook